I've found someone who really wants to get married, revival
We were wrong from the start
You're moving out tonight
Take some time tomorrow to prove the divorce
I don't want my fiancé to misunderstand
This is the luggage that Mr. Su asked me to pack for you.
Obviously I have no feelings for him at all
Why am I feeling so bad?
I don't understand. The thing you asked me to check has already come to a conclusion.
You guessed it right
All this is done by Master Fu Chen behind his back
Vice President
Deputy Chief Ding Jinghe
Rob me
He is also here to implement this plan today. It is urgent
Aunt Nan Nan said that today we are going to try on the wedding dress.
I've made an appointment, let's go now
More detailed data is needed here and here Nan Nan